My name is John (JT) Williams and I'd like to announce my candidacy for election 
to the Airship Technical Committee.

In the short time that I’ve been involved with the Airship community, I think I've 
established myself as someone who speaks with technical depth and thought.  During this time, 
I have used my experience and leadership skills to ensure that Dell developers and Airship 
goals are aligned.  With my desire to represent Dell EMC as a formal “seat at the table”, I 
will use this role to help facilitate Dell EMC's customers use cases are incorporated into the 
project road-map. I believe this is a great opportunity for me to serve Dell's customers, the 
software community and the Airship Technical Committee.

Currently, I’m a principal developer with Dell EMC for 9+ years and during this time 
I have been an engineer lead, developing and coding integration solutions utilizing Red
Hat Enterprise Linux and Dell EMC hardware and software.  Much of my work has been
focused on simplifying deployments of storage and cloud platforms, specifically 
Ceph, OpenStack, VxFlex (ScaleIO) and other storage and workload applications.  
Other development efforts that I have worked on include Dell open source projects, like 
Crowbar and JetPack which automated the deployment process for OpenStack.

Prior to Dell EMC, I worked at BMC Software for 14 years and Lockheed on Space 
Station Freedom at NASA for 5+ years, developing PATROL enterprise software and 
CASE development environments, respectively. During this time, I learned many software
development disciplines that I have shared and have been beneficial my team members.

When I first heard of Airship, I was seeking an alternative toolset for OpenStack, 
Openshift and Kubernetes deployments.  This led to the investigation of Airship.  As we 
became more interested with Airship our management committed to helping with the development
of several features for which we created two development teams.  I have been focused on 
leading the teams through their design and coding efforts and committed to meeting the 
requirements as desired by the Airship 2.0 community.  

Since becoming involved with the Airship 2.0 project late last year, I have been 
listening and participating in Airship 2.0 community meetings and when the need 
demands contributing to the discussion. Because the design of Airship 2.0 is led by 
a strong team of Airship 1.0 contributors, many of the lessons learned from Airship 
1.0 are brought forward and solved to create the improved version. I see many positives 
in the Airship 2.0 design.  Specifically, how the team has taken the lessons learned 
from 1.0 as well as heard the community thoughts on what needs changed and incorporated 
these ideas into the new design.  I mention this because I see good things happening 
with individual and team commitment toward making Airship 2.0 a successful endeavor. 

If elected as a contributor to the Technical committee, I believe my ability to contribute
as a voice for Dell EMC and its customer base would be beneficial to the Airship TC.  I 
believe the committee is intended to serve as a bridge between companies and the Airship 
community – making sure corporation’s use cases, requirements, and experiences are brought 
to the table.  Also in this role I can raise awareness of Airship 2.0 to other organizations
within Dell EMC that could benefit from Airship 2.0. 

As such, it my goal to represent Dell EMC and its customers desires and also be able to contribute
to the success of Airship in reaching its goals.

Thank you for your consideration,

-JT
